since we'll talk a lot about the brain
today do you think
let's ask the craziest question do you
think there is other intelligent life
out there in the
universe honestly i've been asking
myself lately if there's intelligent
life on this planet
uh you know i ha i i have to
think probabilities suggest yes and
also secretly i think i just hope that's
true
it would be really um i know scientists
aren't supposed to have hopes and dreams
but uh
i i think it would be really cool and i
also
think it would be really sad if it if it
wasn't the case if we really were alone
that would be
that that would seem
profoundly sad i think so it's exciting
to you not scary
yeah no you know i take a lot of comfort
and curiosity
it's a great it's a great um
resource for dealing with uh stress
so i'm learning all about mushrooms and
octopuses and you know all kinds of
stuff
and so for me this counts i think in the
realm of awe
but also i think i'm somebody who
cultivates awe
deliberately on purpose to feel like a
speck you know
i i find it a relief
occasionally it feels small to feel
small
in a profoundly large and interesting
universe
you